remove kyma1 from cli release guide (#676)
kyma-project/community: docs/guidelines/releases-guidelines/03-kyma-cli-release-process.md

    - Alternatively, create a PR to the [kyma-cli Homebrew formula](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formula/kyma-cli.rb).

    When a Homebrew maintainer approves your PR, the formula is updated.

> 8. Verify a day later that the chocolatey formula got updated: https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/kyma-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Verify a day later that the chocolatey formula has been updated: https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/kyma-cli
```
